Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Captain Riva. Welcome back.
So. how are you?
You have to increase my
dosage.
- Captain Riva...
- Leonida.
Leonida.
I can go on dosing you up
with drugs
until you forget your own name.
Or we can try to come up
with something else.
Otherwise. it will be impossible
for me to help you.
If you want to help me.
increase the dosage.
They invited me to Saturday’s
match.
- Is your son playing?
- No...
Teresa. the little one.
The kids will come over
for dinner afterwards. so...
I don't want to...
I want to stay calm while I am
with them.
There's a support group
tomorrow at 11:00.
Talking to someone can help
you.
You could try at least...
Maybe on Saturday. with your
wife...
Do I tell her about 30 years
of military missions. at the
match?
Not more than one every eight
hours.
And come back next week.
so we will understand
if we need to make adjustments.
THE BEAST
Easy!
Go!
Watch out!
Ref! That's a high tackle!
Teresa is getting good.
I didn't know you train her.
When do you play?
Look. I'm not six years old.
Can you please let me through?
Thank you.
- Do you need a fork?
- Yes. please.
How are you?
How about you?
I'm fine.
About tonight. do we stick to
our plan?
- If you don't feel like it...
- No. it's ok.
Fine.
The only thing
is that Terry doesn't eat cheese.
It's been a month. I don't know
why.
It was her choice. All of a
sudden.
Have you seen Mattia?
Yes. I...
I met him before.
Ok.
Ok. see you later.
- Mom.
- Honey.
Where's my pink sweater?
- Did you check the clothes
rack?
- Right.
Thank you. dear.
What's the matter?
Are you sure it's just
a business dinner?
Wait.
Get him something.
A dessert.
- It means a lot to your sister.
- I know.
- Come on!
- I'm going.
- Why are we stopping here?
- Get off.
- Aren't we going to dad's?
- Get off. Terry.
Come on!
How about a nice burger?
- Thank you.
- Here you go.
It's eleven twenty.
There you go.
- I'll get your change.
- Thank you.
Cool.
Come on. dig in.
You are always eating!
We are a little late.
- Hi. little girl.
- Hello. kitty!
Hi!
Bye. sweetie.
- Terry. I'll be back in five
minutes.
- Where are you guys going?
Just back there. wait here.
The coach says he won't cap
me anymore.
if I don't go back to
two training sessions a week.
He's right. Serves you right.
- My father doesn't let me out...
- Right. your father...
- You mean Miss Marini...
- Ouch!
She keeps you on a leash. like
a puppy.
At least I get laid.
At what cost?
- Teddy bear!
- Shut up.
Stop screaming.
Shut up.
You have to come back.
Scrums with Montedoro suck.
- Yes sir. my captain.
- Good boy.
You could always leave Miss
Marini
to Teddy Bear 2 and me!
Shut your mouth.
How bad do you wanna bang
her?
She is big-boned.
We'll take turns fucking her.
Terry?
- What happened ?
- I saw a Jeep rushing away.
Excuse me?
Have you seen a little girl. red
hair?
I came out as I heard her
screaming.
Terry?
Teresa?
Terry!
I don't know. I just saw a Jeep...
Mattia. go talk to the waitress.
Mattia. where are you?
Dad. I don't know what
happened...
Calm down. please...
Mattia. I don't understand.
I swear. she just disappeared.
Are you sure?
Yes. I think so.
Where are you?
At the fast food
right behind mom's house.
How long it has been?
I don't know. dad. ten minutes I
think.
Are you alone?
Call the police. And don't move.
I'm on my way.
We don't have the plate
of the suspect vehicle.
only a description provided by a
witness.
It's dark-colored. maybe dark
green.
We are placing roadblocks
around the area.
Get a couple of officers.
take a look around.
Try to figure out if anybody
has seen or heard something.
Mister Riva?
Deputy Chief Basilio Simonetti.
We alerted every police station.
the forensic team is coming...
Did you manage to reach her
mother?
Not yet.
I understand.
Excuse me for a moment.
Patrol car S38 speaking.
We noticed a suspect vehicle. a
Jeep.
It’s running fast on viale San
Giorgio
towards the shopping center.
- Pull it over.
- Copy that.
It's not stopping.
Suspect vehicle on the run!
We need backup. the Jeep is
too fast!
Turn there!
Fuck...
The Jeep has just turned.
Alert the flying squad.
- Escort everyone to the police
station.
- Yes.
You two. come with me.
What the fuck is he doing?
Sir. they're headed out of town.
we can't keep up with them.
Mister Riva. stop!
I'm fine.
For Christ's sake...
Turning to Via di Secondo
Beneventano.
We're getting closer.
Proceeding on Viale delle Muse.
Watch out!
Pick up...
Pick up!
Fuck you!
They have just reported to us
the disappearance of a six year
old girl
in the premises of a fast food
restaurant.
north of town.
The police hasn't released
any official statement yet
but according to some rumors
it could be a kidnapping.
Several witnesses on the crime
scene
claim they saw a suspect
vehicle
running away...
What do we have?
Within 50 kilometers. we have
21 suspects with criminal
records...
21? What about the Jeep?
The license plate is stolen...
- Traffic cameras?
- Nothing yet.
- Good Lord!
First Captain Leonida Riva.
30 years in the Special Forces.
12 missions in high-risk areas...
Somalia. Iraq. Bosnia. Rwanda.
collaborations with Americans
in Afghanistan...
and then a mission that started
badly
and ended up worse.
"Three years after discharge.
the patient is still highly
unstable.
"tends towards isolation.
"shows high levels of social.
psychological and physical
disability."
He refused treatment.
so they started dosing him up
with drugs.
What if he has something to do
with the kidnapping?
He must have made a few
enemies in the past.
His wife just came in.
Maybe we can convince her
to get in touch with him...
Riva is not coming back.
He knows he has lost any
chance
of a friendly dialogue with us.
The investigation is too delicate.
he will screw everything up.
We have to stop this man.
Come here.
This is a self-service.
handsome.
- Look. do you sell...
- What do you need?
I need a lot of this stuff.
You want to go wild!
Ok.
Wait here.
- You're right. he does look like
a cop.
- I told you!
Guys. I just need information.
Go away.
You'd better not.
Tell me who deals it.
I don't know.
Please. I don't want to die.
You're gonna beg me to kill you.
The Mastiffs! It's their stuff.
Tell where I can find them.
What the fuck are you doing?
What?
What do you mean. someone
followed you?
What did you do?
Yes.
I'll meet you there. yes.
I'm going to help you with the
Jeep.
Mom...
May I speak with you for a
second?
Any news from Mr. Riva?
Can you think of someone
who might have been targeting
you?
Maybe a former colleague of
your husband.
a superior...
No...
Alright.
We'll call you as soon as we
have news.
For anything. this is my
personal number.
Open it up...
Holy shit!
Come here.
I thought you were gonna run
away
with one of his sluts...
What the fuck are you saying?
- Do you have some stuff?
- Yes.
Here.
Come on.
How much is this? Did you
count it?
No. we gotta get rid of the car.
Where is my daughter?
- Who do you work for?
- Nobody. we work for nobody.
Where is she?
Who did you sell her to?
Shit.
Stop.
Go.
The disappearance of little
Teresa Riva
is officially a kidnapping.
Public Prosecutor's office
has promptly opened a case
and locked the city down.
These are hours of fear.
crucial for the life
of the disappeared child.
According to the investigators.
a kidnapping without a ransom
note
would mean that the police
has very little time to find the
girl...
Sir...
Is there anything I can do?
I don't know.
Take a seat.
I know it's not easy.
And it's no use
to tell you to be calm.
But we're doing everything we
can
to find your sister.
But you can stay close to your
mother.
Stick together.
Mattia? I have to ask you
to leave the office.
- So?
- We managed to catch the
Jeep.
It changed several license
plates
in the past four months.
but there is a pattern.
It went through this road
regularly this week.
What do we have in the area?
There is a shipyard.
There is more.
Just before
the Jeep came through here
tonight.
Take a look.
It's Riva's car.
I knew it.
- Do you think that he...
- I think that he...
I think that
he is a former soldier on
medication.
who ran from a crime scene
and made us lose the track
of who was likely to be our
kidnapper.
And now he appears again
around the only suspect area
we were able to identify.
And what do we do?
Do we believe in coincidence.
now?
What the fuck!
My house is under surveillance.
I'm sorry.
There are more bandages in
there.
I'll get them.
The number you dialed...
If you know something.
you must tell the police.
Let's go to the police station.
Let's go together.
Mattia is there.
He needs you.
- If you go it alone. you'll die.
- At least our daughter will be
safe.
Lights are on.
That's strange.
What's wrong?
Maybe Riva has nothing to do
with it.
Maybe we're just following the
same lead.
and he is ahead of us.
Are we doing the "pissed-off
boss" routine?
Come on. let's go.
Is anybody there?
Is there anyone?
What do you need?
Hello.
I know it's late. but...
our car broke down over there.
Please!
Can you lend us some cables?
We have been traveling
since this morning...
My boss is a little nervous.
Nervous?
He looks like an asshole to me.
Wait here.
- So. where's the car?
- At the gate.
Your colleague
kindly offered himself to...
Ok. but you can't be here.
Come on.
Let's go to that gate
and fix your car.
May I ask you a question?
Here...
do you work with open flames?
- Who the fuck are you?
- Police. drop your weapons.
- Drop that gun.
- Yes.
Tell your friend not to fuck
around
or I'll blow his head off.
Ok. easy. easy...
You'd better not.
I'm going to put my gun down
now.
Listen...
There is a sniper squad ready
to fire.
if anything goes wrong.
Easy.
Keep calm.
It's gonna be alright.
What do you want?
We are looking
for the owner of an old Jeep.
No.
Fuck.
Hey!
We found a burned body.
30-year-old male.
They must have gotten rid of
him
an hour ago. tops.
What about the Jeep?
They found it.
At the scrap yard.
Look. there is something more.
We found this. near the body.
We have to examine it. but...
it's a baby tooth.
After the kidnapping.
he called the girl
and a different number three
times.
Can we trace it?
What do you know
about these people?
They were talking about a man
and his prostitutes.
Keep him on the line
for at least 20-30 seconds.
Hello?
- Hi. they gave me your number.
- Who's there?
I need... some girls.
- About ten. for a party.
- Do you know what time it is?
My boss is very demanding.
For when?
Tomorrow.
Quiet!
Fucking dog.
- Now I'm busy.
- Wait.
Northbound road.
past viale Maria Valerio. Look.
You have an overall radius
of two hundred meters.
It will be hard to find him.
It will have to do.
Leonida Riva.
nobody's son.
"The beast".
No way you changed. fuck.
Neither did you.
Hey.
I've lost four pounds.
I know how you feel.
You can't wait to jump into the
void.
to go back on a mission...
It's the only thing
we know how to do. right?
Where did it happen?
There was this moment.
after the blast...
They were taking me away in a
helicopter.
I was messed up.
so high on morphine.
But I definitely remember one
thing.
I was bleeding to death and
thinking:
"Fuck. if I can't walk anymore.
I can't fight anymore".
Going back to a normal life
looked like a nightmare to me.
But then...
I realized I was neither the first
nor the last one feeling that way.
That I could survive.
because someone.
before me. did make it.
Knowing this was enough for
me.
Take care. Leo.
Captain.
We're bringing you back home
now.
There are more!
Easy. easy!
Go. go. go.
- Go. go!
- For Christ's sake.
Downstairs!
Move. move!
Go!
My wife would have complained.
But I never complain. you
know...
Mozart. please...
I have nothing to do with it. I
swear.
Please...
Your boss told me something
different.
- I didn't want to...
- Neither do I.
If it were not for you
and your Prince Charming.
The cops are breathing down
our necks.
I've made an ass of myself
with a client. a big one.
To make matters worse. we are
stuck
with that girl who's worth shit
now.
How is that possible?
We took her that age on
purpose.
So you do have
something to do with it?
I mean. we took her that age
because you told us that...
you can place girls that age in a
second.
- Exactly.
- That's why we did it.
It's all my fault.
Get rid of her first thing in the
morning.
We've made enough of a mess
tonight.
What about the girl?
The deal is off.
Everybody is looking for her.
we couldn't leave her there.
Make her disappear too.
What's up?
Oh you poor things.
you're breaking my heart...
I'll deal with that. Go get her.
Hurry up!
Hello?
Ivan. hi!
Did you see the picture?
Only the best for my friends.
That's the price. I'm sorry.
Tomorrow is fine.
Dasvidania.
What's happening?
It happens that the world
is a wonderful place.
Full of fucking perverts.
That is?
That is. take the girl
and bring her back there.
Come on.
What is happening?
We are bringing you back.
What now?
I need to go to the toilet.
Hurry. or the boss's gonna be
mad.
Open up!
Open the fuck up!
Dad!
Who the fuck are you?
Upstairs!
They kept me in a dark room.
isolated.
They wanted intelligence.
Then the rescue team came to
save me.
They killed them pretty fast.
I tried to take one out.
They cut his throat.
Captain Riva.
your conduct during the
imprisonment
was exemplary.
The Secret Services
followed the ops closely
and were impressed by your
skills.
They could use someone like
you.
They want to bury me under
State secrets. don't they.
General?
It's a promotion. Riva.
Speak your mind. Captain.
I feel you want
to make your point. please.
Yes.
The rescue mission was too
dangerous.
You know better than me
you should have left me there.
General.
Or. if you didn't trust me
you should have bombed
the whole area.
instead of sending an entire
squad
to their death.
In front of my eyes.
Think of what the Services are
offering.
It's an opportunity. think it over.
I don't need to think it over.
General.
I request discharge and
immediate return.
Keep your eyes open. sir.
Go!
Would you like some?
Thank you.
They said they won't let us in
until the deputy chief arrives.
You know...
When I met your father...
he was finishing the training
course.
He pretended to speak Arabic.
He made me laugh.
Then he stopped.
When he came back home
after his discharge...
he had become bitter.
Distracted.
A stranger.
And you kicked him out.
He is the one who left.
I wanted him to stay.
I wanted to deal with it together.
as a family.
But it was like your father
was afraid to get some help.
He wanted to protect us.
by keeping us away.
I hated him.
Even if...
I've never stopped loving him.
Sorry...
Mrs. Riva...
- May I?
- No.
I need to see if he's ok.
Please.
Thank you.
Where is your mother?
She is smoking downstairs.
Police have found some
remains of a body.
They are trying to understand
if...
It's not Teresa.
I saw her.
She's fine.
Come here.
I need your help.
Ok...
Check my medical records.
See if there is a paper clip.
Stay out of sight.
- It's there.
- Good.
Good.
Now open it.
Hand it to me.
Stay there.
Come on.
Good.
Now...
Now it may happen
that the guard gets suspicious
and comes in.
Ok.
If that happens.
I need you to run and close the
door.
Then you stay there and don't
move.
no matter what happens next.
Ok.
- Understood?
- Yes.
Now.
Open this fucking door!
Open!
Easy. easy.
Easy...
Shit.
Wait.
Stay there.
Move back.
Now take the radio and call the
station.
You have to run a check
on a previous offender.
His nickname is Mozart.
I want to know where I can find
him.
Station.
this is officer Petrassi speaking.
I need to run a check.
Name and surname. please.
I only have a nickname. Mozart.
Just a second.
I only have one match.
Gianrico Sala. 50 years old...
He did his time twice.
The system reports
a building downtown in his
name.
several apartments out of town.
and a restaurant.
"The Black Pearl". all legit.
There is also a wellness centre
that went bankrupt a couple of
years ago.
on the last floor of Skytower.
its name is "Two of hearts".
Dad!
Petrassi. the deputy chief is
here.
do I let him come upstairs?
Give me the radio.
Fast.
Petrassi. do you copy?
Get down.
- Petrassi. what's happening?
- Handcuff yourself.
Riva!
Dad.
Please. don't shoot.
Don't shoot.
Freeze!
Drop the guns.
Drop the guns!
The first results have arrived.
it's not her.
The remains belong to
somebody
who died six months ago.
Riva is on the run.
Stay here.
Oh my goodness. help!
Get out!
Riva!
Fuck.
Call the police.
Tell them where they can catch
up with me.
On Sunday we have the
qualifying match
for the first division.
Try to get back.
Ivan!
Privet!
Would you like something to
drink?
You'll see. you're going to like
her.
Considering how much it costs...
Money is hell.
What's wrong?
You bastard!
I kill you!
Now. you die.
Dad.
You found me.
It's ok. now.
Where is mom?
We’re going back home. now.
We'll find her.
No.
Please...
I'm sorry.
Let us go.
I'm begging you...
Be careful. it's hot.
- Wait a moment.
- Where are you going?
I'll be right back.
Thank you.
We found a body. at the
shipyard...
DNA tests confirmed...
it’s a little girl who disappeared
in the North. a few months ago.
We found... at least two related
cases.
And we're gonna find more.
Now that we have a lead
between Mozart and the
Mastiffs.
Riva...
You did a good job.
I’d like to bring her
back to her mother first.
- How’s your tea?
- It's hot.
A MONTH LATER
I'd like to thank you all.
Seeing your long faces.
I realize that it could have been
worse.
Much worse.
Does anybody want to say
something?
He never speaks.
That's true!
You are half off your nut. aren't
you?
Everybody says you are happy.
you think you are in a hotel.
Fuck. I'd like to be in a hotel too.
What was your job?
I was...
I worked in the army.
Did you fight in a war?
More than one.
THE BEAST